[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> This is a very
special weekend.
Please, give it up for
Mr. Erich Von Daniken.
Erich.
[APPLAUSE AND CHEERING]
>> Thank you.
You are the greatest.
Thank you for the introduction.
Perfect.
Good afternoon,
ladies and gentlemen.
I am from Switzerland.
My English is not the best.
I still have a
heavy German accent,
but I hope you
will understand me.
It's a long, long time ago.
No one knows how long,
but at least 6,000 years.
And then a gigantic spaceship
surrounded our planet.
How do we know this?
We know it first,
from old Indian texts.
There are many, many
old Indian texts
which are at least 6,000
years old, and there,
in the fifth book
of the Mahabharata,
with the name Mausala Parva.
There, you can read that all
of a sudden, three cities--
they call it cities,
not spaceships
because they had no word for
spaceships-- three cities
surrounded our planet Earth.
The people, while watching
these cities in the firmament,
they were talking about them.
And all of a sudden,
from these three cities,
smaller vehicles
descended to our planet.
The old Indians called these
smaller vehicles vimanas.
There were different types of
vimanas, not only one shape.
It's like today, we have
different types of aircrafts.
A helicopter doesn't look the
same thing like as a jumbo jet,
or a propellant aircraft
is not the same thing
as a jet airliner.
So there were different
types of vimanas.
And out of these
smaller vehicles,
we would call them
today space shuttles.
All of a sudden,
so-called gods came out--
so-called gods.
We all know that there are no
gods, there is only one god.
But our ancestor and
Stone Age people, they
could not understand
what was going on.
So they believed that these
visitors are some gods.
The word gods is a
misunderstanding.
There were never gods.
They simply called the
extraterrestrials gods.
So these so-called
gods came out,
they looked around the
planet, and they chose a few
of the young men to teach them.
One of the young men,
his name was Arjuna,
and Arjuna was
brought up to the sky.
He learned the language
of the extraterrestrials.
They teach him in writing.
And later, they brought him
back to the planet Earth.
And here, of course,
the people ask him,
Arjuna, where have you been?
What have you seen?
And Ajrjuna was writing
down his experiences
with the so-called gods.
He said he was up there in
this city over the planet,
and as high as he came, he saw a
lot of smaller cities up there.
Some of them were
composited-- they
looked like different balls,
one ball next to the other ball.
That's what the eyewitness
Arjuna said 6,000 years ago.
He himself was brought up
with an object called vimana.
As I said before, the vimanas
were a smaller object.
Arjuna even knows
the name of his pilot
who brought him out there.
His pilot's name was Matalib.
They brought him up there,
he saw gigantic cities.
He called them cities
because in his time
he had no word for spaceship,
neither for mother spaceship.
He was taught up there,
he learned the language
of these extraterrestrials.
And then he realized that
these extraterrestrials,
they had fights, discrepancies
among them each other.
Some of these extraterrestrials,
they wanted to have sex with
humans on the planet, others
said, no, that's forbidden,
we cannot do this.
Some of them want to
steal our raw material,
others say, no, we are
not allowed to do this.
So there was a fight in heaven,
a war in heaven described
by Arjuna in the fifth
book of the Mahabharata,
in the Mausala Parva.
Two of these cities
were destroyed.
And from the
earthlings, it looks
as if 10,000 of little stones
are falling down from the sky.
Now, when we hear such
a story 6,000 years old,
our first reaction is, this is
all fantasy, that's all dreams.
A war in the sky?
A war in heaven?
That's rubbish.
They simply had dreams.
But it's not the dream.
The funny thing is, every
great mythology, start
with Greek mythology,
it doesn't matter what,
starts with the war in heaven.
In Greece, for example,
the god Zeus first
has to fight against Cronus.
Take our own religion, be
it Jewish or Christian.
When I was a boy,
they teach me, Erich,
when you finally die
and you are a brave man,
you will go to heaven.
Heaven is the
place of happiness.
In heaven, you are assembled
with god and the angels.
And later I learned
as an adult, there
was a fight, a war in heaven.
Don't you remember?
All of a sudden, an archangel
with the name of Lucifer
comes through the throne of
the almighty god and said,
we don't serve you anymore.
And then the
archangel Michael came
to destroy Lucifer
and his disciples.
If heaven would have been the
place of absolute happiness,
then a war in heaven
is impossible.
Then you are happy, then you
have no opposition, nothing.
So we should try
to change the world
heaven into sky or into
space, then it makes sense.
The same situation we have
with the word like angels.
We are taught that
angels are the good ones.
Angels, they are represented
in Stone Age cave paintings
with helmets, halos, we make
designs, they have wings.
They were the nice
guys, the angels.
But in reality, some of these
angels were a catastrophe.
They killed and destroyed
thousands and thousands
of people directly from the air.
Here, for example,
this is in Egypt.
This is the temple called Edfu.
And on this wall of
the Edfu temple--
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
On this wall of the
Edfu temple, it's
described how a god,
his name was Horus,
came down and
helped the pharaoh.
The pharaoh said,
please, I need your help
because I'm
surrounded by enemies.
Now, this god with
the name of Horus
destroyed all the enemies
of the pharaoh from the air.
Now, this is in Egypt.
But the same story
we read in the Bible.
Just take the second book
of the Kings, for example.
This is one of the warrior
they called the god [INAUDIBLE]
from Persia.
The same story we
have in the Bible.
Just read, for example,
the second book
of the Kings,
Chapter 19, Verse 35.
And there it says--
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
And the angel came
down from heaven
and killed 185,000 Assyrians.
On the next morning, there were
only dead bodies on the ground.
An angel from heaven
killed 185,000 Assyrians.
We have to change the word angel
into the word extraterrestrial.
Now I've changed two words.
I changed heaven into space.
I changed angels into
extraterrestrials.
Now we just have to change 10
key words in the ancient texts,
and I changed the whole
contexts of the old texts.
And it's time we do this.
We really have to do this.
So we have these inscriptions
of the so-called angels,
but the angels were
extraterrestrials.
And one of the very
clear description,
which you easily can
control and which
was part of "Chariots
of the Gods,"
which I was more than 50 years
ago, comes from the Bible.
Remember the story in the Bible
concerning the prophet Ezekiel?
Ezekiel, we find him at
the end of the Bible,
at the end of the Old Testament.
I first now show you
five pictures coming out
of old Bible, I mean,
old Bible, 200 years old,
simply to give an
impression what
our forefathers had in mind when
they read the text of Ezekiel.
Later, I'll explain
to you how we
came to make a
modern explanation
of the whole Ezekiel story.
And finally, I will show
you a computer animation
concerning Ezekiel, which is one
of the best you can ever see.
Ezekiel, by the way, you
have to know, by profession,
he was high priest at
the temple of Jerusalem.
In his time, roughly 600
BC, the Jewish community,
Jerusalem was captured
by the Babylonians.
And all the high society
of the Jewish community
went as slaves to Babylonia,
including Ezekiel.
As a high priest, he
belonged to the high society.
So he was a slave in Babylonia.
And he writes, they were working
there for the Babylonians.
And all of a sudden,
the firmament opened.
These people, the slaves hear
the noise in the firmament.
They saw a light and
something was coming down.
They all were afraid.
Of course, they believed
God is visiting us.
Ezekiel is a high priest.
He's the first one
who thinks, I have
to give all honor to the gods.
So he has to first,
when he stands up,
and then he realizes
this is not God,
and he describes what happened.
So this is Ezekiel
out of an old Bible.
And just before him, he
sees a gigantic thing.
He calls this gigantic
object, the whole thing he
calls the splendorness of God.
The whole thing is the
splendorness of God
or the splendorness
of the highest.
I must make a personal remark.
I was educated in a Catholic
boarding school led by Jesuits.
We had to translate part of
the Bible, including Ezekiel,
from Greek to Latin and
from Latin to German.
And in the original Ezekiel,
the word God never appears.
In our translations,
be it the German
or the English translation, we
read the splendorness of God.
In the original, it
says, the splendorness
of the highest, which
is quite a difference.
So all this together, he
calls it the splendorness
of the highest.
He says, up there, I saw
something like glittering rays.
There was a drone inside.
And on this drone, the
highest was sitting.
In your Bible translation,
it says, on a drone,
God was sitting.
Not in the edition
of the Ezekiel.
Then he saw four
living creatures,
and he says these four
living creatures had wings,
each one had four wings.
And when the wings moved,
a terrible noise appeared.
Ezekiel describes the noise
and compares the noise
with the thundering
of a waterfall.
So these wings must have
made a terrible noise.
Then he describes the legs.
The legs were out of metal,
definitely [INAUDIBLE]
the metal.
And then he comes and
describes the wheel.
He sees four wheels,
and now he does not
understand anything anymore.
Wheels in Ezekiel's
time, they can go forward
and backward, a normal wheel.
But the wheels he see
here on the splendorness
of the highest, they can
go forward, backward, right
and left at the same time
without making a steering
movement.
Imagine you are
sitting in your car.
Now you have your
steering wheel.
Now you turn because you
want to go to the curb.
The front wheels turn because
you're going to the curb.
Ezekiel describes a wheel which
goes forward, backward, right,
and left without ever
make a turning movement.
That's what confuses
him completely.
He describes this
wheel four times.
And then finally, directs
the body and all the details.
So this, you all can read in the
Bible in the book of Ezekiel.
I just have assumed
a few keywords.
Roughly 35 years ago,
I had a secret speech
here in the United
States in Huntsville
at NASA, the Space
Administration.
Secret because both
parties, NASA and I,
we agreed not to go to public.
NASA did not publish that
Erich Von Daniken was there
and I did not publish
that I was at NASA.
All the main rockets people,
professors, engineers
were there, including
Wernher von Braun, et cetera.
After my speech at
NASA, we had dinner,
and then Mr. Joe
Blumrich came to me.
Blumrich was, at that time, the
head of construction department
at NASA.
He was coming
originally from Austria.
So he speaks German
and English fluently.
And while we had dinner,
he came to me and said,
Erich, that was
quite fascinating,
but you spoke about the prophet
called Ezekiel in the Bible.
But in the Bible,
you will definitely
never find any technology.
The Bible-- these are
visions, these are dreams.
They saw God and these
drone driving around.
But this is not reality,
it's just imagination.
You will never find any
technology in the Bible.
Anyhow, he means very friendly.
I am the first one who
pointed him to Ezekiel.
He never heard something about
Ezekiel in his life before.
And he told me, now I
want to read the Bible.
Soon, in the next two
weeks, when I have time,
I want to read this
Ezekiel personally.
And he did.
He started to read
Ezekiel word by word.
And he got very
confused because Ezekiel
makes very, very clear
statements, statements
how big the wheel was,
how big he was, et cetera.
So you could draw conclusions.
Then two other NASA engineers
came to Blumrich's office
and asked him, Josef, what
are you doing with the Bible
on your desk?
We are engineers, we
are rocket constructors.
And he said, you remember this
Von Daniken here talking to us
about the Bible and Ezekiel?
This is fascinating.
I just read this Ezekiel story.
We really are able
to reconstruct
what Ezekiel was describing.
You remember, Ezekiel
described the whole object
as the splendorness
of the highest.
Now, NASA analyzed phrase
by phrase of Ezekiel,
they start to make
designs, and they
start to make calculations.
And finally, they
had the object--
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
And this was what
it looked like.
This is what Ezekiel called the
splendorness of the highest.
So the whole thing,
the totality,
is the splendorness
of the highest.
On the top, he saw
something glittering,
and inside there was
a chair, a drone.
And on this drone, the
highest were sitting.
The drone was nothing else
than the chair of the commander
of the spaceship.
And he has his spacesuit on.
That's why he was glittering.
And then he describes the wings,
which make a terrible noise,
and he describes the
detail, including the wheel.
And now it becomes complicated.
Wheels, I told you, at Ezekiel's
time, they can go forward
and backward.
But Ezekiel describes a
wheel which goes forward
and backward and right and
left at the same time, which
confuses him completely.
Now, NASA started to
reconstruct a new wheel.
This new wheel is separated
in different sections.
Every section has its own
wheel which you can turn
on one side or the other side.
Of course, with that wheel,
you can go forward or backward.
If this wheel should
move towards you,
only the lower section would
move towards you or back.
And with this wheel, you
can go in any direction
without making a movement.
The wheel never turns
as our wheel of the car.
In every direction, right on the
[INAUDIBLE] you can move this.
By the way, NASA received
an international patent
for that wheel.
I think that's very funny.
We have a patent on the wheel.
At the moment, they use it
on Mars on the Mars robot.
But the original idea
comes from Ezekiel.
Now, when you read
Ezekiel, you will
realize that Ezekiel
describes the splendorness
of the highest, this object,
from Chapter 1 to 40.
And then Chapter 41,
something different happened.
He says, the splendorness of
the highest arrived again.
That means a second time.
This space shuttle was
descending a second time
to Ezekiel.
And this time, Ezekiel writes,
the hand of the highest
took me on my chest and
put me on the chair.
In my modern
interpretation, simply he
was taken up to the
co-pilot's seat.
Then the splendorness
of the highest goes up.
Ezekiel feels the
gravity on his chest.
He said, and the hand of the
highest pressed upon my chest.
But he has no idea
where they go.
So he writes in the
Bible, they brought me
to a very, very high mountain.
He states clearly, not a high
mountain, a very, very high
mountain.
They were flying
over the mountain
and all of a sudden,
under him, something
like a big village
or a little city
appears with different houses.
And in the center of this city
is something like a temple.
Ezekiel in his books does
not say in the original
it was a temple.
He says, it looked
like a temple.
Because he doesn't
know what it is.
Maybe you have to ask yourself
the question, what is a temple?
What was a temple
5,000 years ago?
A temple was a building
for the gods, nothing else.
Later, we made out temple
spiritually for the gods.
In antiquity, it
was simply a house
for the gods, the
so-called gods,
the extraterrestrials
were living.
So they are flying
over this little city,
and beneath them is
something like a temple.
And the splendorness
of the highest,
and Ezekiel is sitting in there,
slowly goes into the building.
And he hears the
noise of the wheels
at that time in every detail.
Finally, they came
to a standstill.
And all of a sudden, one of
these glittering beings, a man,
a human-like being, glittering
clothes comes to Ezekiel.
And in the beginning, he
says, he looks at Ezekiel, oh,
humans.
You humans, you have eyes
to see, but you see nothing.
You have ears to hear,
but you hear nothing.
And then the stranger
all of a sudden
has a measuring
device in his hands,
and he orders Ezekiel,
now you measure
this building, every detail.
Ezekiel, in the meantime,
knows clearly this is not God.
He's not afraid again.
He asks back, why should
I measure this building?
And the other one says, that's
the reason why we brought you
here.
And he starts to measure--
length, large, every step,
every stone, every detail.
Read it in Ezekiel starting
at Chapter 41, pages
of measurement.
These measurements--
a German engineer,
his name was Hans
Herbert Beier--
he studied these measurements.
And he asked himself,
is this a real building
or is this just
biblical imagination?
And like Blumrich
did, the NASA people
only reconstructed
the splendorness
the highest, the whole body.
And now this German
engineer group
only reconstructs the
so-called temple, the building.
One day, I received a
large letter at my desk
at home, yellow envelope
with 30 pages in there.
And there, I saw fantastical
technical designs
and the letter of
a German engineer.
I didn't know him personally
at that time, Mr. Hans Herbert
Beier.
And he said, Dear
Mr. Von Daniken,
we reconstructed the
building according
to Ezekiel's measurement.
We did not add one
centimeter, one inch.
We nothing take off.
We exactly took the dates which
Ezekiel gave us in the Bible.
And this was the reconstruction.
That's how this
building looked like.
I was very confused
and very happy.
I visited this engineer, Hans
Herbert Beier, and I asked him,
do you have an idea
what NASA made?
You remember, NASA
only reconstructed
the flying machine, the
splendorness of the highest.
The German engineers
only reconstructed
the house, the building.
The German, of
course, knew nothing
about the American scientists.
I brought the two groups
together and both fit perfectly
together.
The so-called temple was simply
the earthly space station,
but a space shuttle.
Had nothing to do
with the holy thing.
Now, once you have
made these analogies,
you should tell something
about the Bible.
I told you I had in young
years translated the Ezekiel
and I know what's
the story in there.
In theology-- and these are
honest and wonderful people.
It's not the question
of conspiracy.
In theology, they believed
that Ezekiel has a vision.
He sees the Almighty
God sitting on a chair
on his drone flying around.
Now, I personally--
I am a deep believer in God.
Still today, I am one of
these few persons who pray.
But my God does
not need a vehicle
in which to move
around from point A
to point B. My god is all over.
And the vehicle of
God does not make
noise and trembling and loud
noise and sand blowing up
and heat, et cetera.
So I don't believe
in the vision.
I said, no, this was not the
vision that was a reality.
Now, theologians believe
that Ezekiel has the visions,
he sees the Almighty God on
his flying chariot, chariot
of the gods flying around.
And then in the second
part of the Bible,
where Ezekiel gives all these
measurement of this building,
the theologians
believe now he has
a vision of a future temple
in the future Jerusalem, which
is completely rubbish again.
If you know the Hebrew
language, the original written
form in which
Ezekiel was written,
it's written in a
Semitic language.
In a Semitic language, you
have only a consonants--
R, N, Y, et cetera.
But no A, E, O, et cetera.
And from the grammatic,
there is no future.
It all is written
in the present.
So there was a temple, I saw
the temple, I measured it.
Now theologians, they believe
he has a vision of the future.
So when you read Ezekiel,
you will read there
and there will be
a temple, which
will be so long and so large,
et cetera, which is not correct.
The correct translation is not,
there will be in the future.
The correct translation
is, there was a building
so long, so large, et cetera.
By the way, theological version
does not function anyhow not.
Ezekiel describes,
and they brought me
on a very, very high mountain.
Where in Jerusalem
or near Jerusalem
is a very, very high mountain?
I know the region.
There's nothing.
A few hills, that's
all that's there.
Nothing of a high mountain.
They brought him on a
very, very high mountain.
It doesn't fit to Jerusalem.
It doesn't fit the
future of Jerusalem.
He was on a complete
different place.
Now, we made a
computer animation
to explain to you what
Ezekiel really saw.
Look at this.
They were slaves that were
captured by the Babylonians
on the river by
the name of Chebar.
And then they hear
a noise in the sky.
In orbit is a mother spaceship.
From this mother spaceship,
a smaller vehicle is let out.
Only when the smaller vehicle
reached the atmosphere,
the noise began.
Outside, where there is
no air, you hear no noise.
Only now.
So they hear a noise, they
see a vehicle coming down.
They are all afraid.
Ezekiel as a high
priest is afraid,
but his colleagues, the slaves,
the workers are all afraid.
They all fell on the ground.
They all believed, now we
see the real Almighty God.
Ezekiel as a high
priest is the first--
he stands up because he wants
to give reverence and honor
to the Almighty God.
And then Ezekiel
realizes this is not God.
And then he starts
to write, to describe
what he sees-- the wings, the
wheels, the noise, the detail,
everything.
He describes what he
sees and the splendorness
of the highest.
He gives the detail
of the wheels.
He realized that the wheels
can go in all four directions
without making a steering
movement, which confuses him
completely.
He writes it down four times.
Then he was taken himself up.
They put him on the chair of
the co-pilot, and they fly away.
And Ezekiel feels when
they start the pressure--
he says, and the hand of the
highest pressed upon my chest.
He doesn't know where they go.
That's why he writes,
they brought me
on a very, very high mountain.
He doesn't know the
name of the mountain,
but definitely was not
Jerusalem, neither Jerusalem
of his time, nor in the future.
Up there, he sees something
like a small city,
and in the center of it,
something like a temple,
a building of the gods.
He is sitting in
the splendorness
of the highest himself.
I assume his co-pilot
would have calmed him down
and said, don't be afraid,
human, don't be afraid.
Just remark-- write everything
down what you realize here.
Because you have
to write it down
for your future generations.
So Ezekiel writes what he sees.
The splendorness of the
highest came to a standstill
over this building,
the so-called temple.
Slowly, slowly, they
sunk into the building.
At that occasion,
Ezekiel writes,
and the noise of the
wheels were at that time
double as loud as
before in the desert.
Because now he hears
the echo, the echo
comes back from the walls.
The noise is double as loud.
Finally, the splendorness of the
highest came to a standstill.
Ezekiel can stand out.
And then some of
these extraterrestrial
arrives in these
glittering clothes.
When he sees Ezekiel, he
simply says, oh, come on.
Humans-- you humans have eyes
to see, but you see nothing.
You have ears to hear,
but you hear nothing.
And then all of a sudden,
he has a measuring device,
and he orders Ezekiel to
measure the whole temple.
And Ezekiel does
measure the temple.
Ezekiel has the courage
to ask back, why?
Why should I
measure this temple?
And the other says, that's the
reason why we brought you here.
Then the Ezekiel book stops--
the Ezekiel book in the
Bible stops abruptly.
It has no final.
We don't have the
whole Ezekiel text.
So why should the group
of extraterrestrials
take from a group of
humans, the group of slaves,
the leader, Ezekiel?
Why should they bring him
to their space station
on a high mountain?
Why should they ask him
to make measurements?
Why?
What's the purpose of all this?
At Ezekiel's time,
they all believed
this is the real God,
the God of the universe.
Ezekiel himself
is a high priest.
They capture his high priest,
they brought him away.
Maybe for a few hours,
maybe for a day.
What do we know?
And then they brought
him back to his people.
Now, his people, his
friends, his colleagues
are asking, Ezekiel,
you are back here.
Wonderful.
Are you in good health?
Have you been hungry?
Thirsty?
Have you had pain, something?
But Ezekiel is very happy.
He says, no, no, I was on
a very, very high mountain.
I was flying there.
There was a temple.
I had to measure the temple.
Here are the measurement dates.
Because his society
believes that all this has
to do with the real
God, the omnipotent God.
And Ezekiel himself
is a high priest.
His measurement
dates and his report
is not thrown away to ashes.
They keep it into
the holy books.
They believe it has to do
with God, the real God.
The extraterrestrials knew
exactly this primitive society
will grow up with a lot of
technological evolution.
3,000 or 4,000 years later,
the holy texts are still here.
Normal texts, they disappear,
but not the holy books.
The holy books are translated
into many languages,
as we have with the
Bible and Ezekiel.
So the future society, maybe
3,000, 4,000 years later, they
will read this text of Ezekiel.
The future society are still
strong believers in God,
but not believers in little
gods who do not exist.
They will realize, this is a
technological description--
wheels which can go in
every direction, lakes
out of metal, that
the splendorness--
that the wings make noise.
They will realize
this is technology
which somebody described
thousands of years in the past.
And now the humans will
start to ask questions.
They will ask questions.
Maybe, did we have a
higher society before?
A higher technological
advanced society?
Or was this a wizard
from outer space?
And if it was a wizard
from outer space,
where is the proof?
Have these
extraterrestrials just
disappeared without
leaving something?
That's exactly what they
wanted because of Ezekiel.
And not only of Ezekiel.
In old Indian, we have Arjuna,
the one who was taken away,
too.
And in other texts.
They want that the
future societies
stumble on these texts.
They have to read these texts--
hey, come on, something
is wrong with our past.
And that's exactly
what we have today.
Because of Ezekiel,
because of these old texts,
we have this new question
with question marks.
That's what they wanted.
They wanted to bring us to the
question, where is the proof?
Where is the time capsule?
What is the something these
so-called gods left behind?
Another story, which I've just
come very short with is Enoch.
Enoch in the Bible in
the Old Testament--
you just read two
phrases about him.
Oh, but you read Enoch
was the seventh patriarch
before the Great Flood.
The seventh patriarch
at first was Adam,
the second was Seth, et cetera.
Enoch was the seventh
before the Great Flood.
And the Bible said,
Enoch was the first human
who disappeared in a flying
chariot from the Earth.
So the Jewish community
and the Christian community
believes that Enoch
disappeared with God,
but one day he has to
return with his body
to die here on this planet.
So in the Bible, you have
only two phrases about Enoch.
So where does this book
of Enoch come from?
180 years ago, a British--
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> Explorer.
>> Explorer-- British
explorer came to Ethiopia.
He was also looking
for God 180 years ago.
And he went into a convent
and he learned the language
of the Ethiopian at that time.
And once he knew
the language, he
went to the old
library of the convent.
And in the library, he
found the Book of Enoch.
He knew the word Enoch from the
Bible, but now a Book of Enoch.
So he translated the Book of
Enoch from old Ethiopian first
into English, later from
English into German.
Now, I can only show
you a German version.
These are very
big, thick volumes.
The Apokryphen und
Pseudepigraphen des Alten
Testments, by professional
doctor Emil Kautsch translated.
And in there, we find 126
pages about the Book of Enoch.
What is so fascinating
about Enoch?
He writes in the first person.
I version, I witnessed,
not in the second person.
Not I hear, they told me.
No, he says what
happened to him.
So he describes that
he was 12 years old.
The whole village
wanted to go to sleep.
Then they hear the
noise in the sky
and they saw a light in the sky.
And they all were afraid and
ran away, except, he said,
I was standing there.
Then the light comes
down to the earth
and two beings came
out close to Enoch.
The two beings in
glittering clothes.
It was all glittering.
Now, Enoch was afraid, too,
and he fell down on the ground.
He writes in his book,
I smelled the humanity--
the humidity--
humidity of the Earth.
Anyhow, all of a
sudden, he's taken up
and they showed
him that somebody
speaks in his language.
Don't be afraid, human,
we won't hurt you.
Now, for the first time,
we have to ask ourselves,
how can that extraterrestrial
speak the language of Enoch?
It's very easy.
In our time, some 100 years
ago, our acknowledgists
went to the upper Amazon River
or to the Upper Nile in Africa,
and they came together
with different tribes.
Now, these different tribes
had wonderful cultures,
but none of them
spoke English or
German or Spanish or whatever--
French.
They had their local language.
It was never a problem
for the acknowledgists
to learn the language
of the natives.
It's a question of
three, four, five months
and you can talk together.
These extraterrestrials who were
here thousands of years ago,
they [INAUDIBLE] themselves
like today's acknowledgists
would do.
They observed a certain
group, and by observing,
they learned their language.
With their technology,
computer, et cetera,
they would have learned
the language immediately,
probably in two or three weeks.
So when some of the
extraterrestrial
speaks the language of
Enoch, I am not shocked.
It is absolutely normal.
They can use it.
So the one says to
Enoch, don't be afraid,
human, we won't hurt you.
They say, if you wish, we take
you with us and we teach you.
And the young Enoch, he's not
afraid, he says, yes, I wish.
So they take him away, they
bring him up to the sky.
He describes it in every detail.
He sees giant objects
over the Earth.
Of course, he also
does not have a world
like spaceship or mother--
he says giant diamonds
were up there, glittering.
Doors opened, we
entered into the doors.
He came to different gardens.
He came to a big room with
a drone in the center,
and there, the highest was
sitting, et cetera, et cetera.
Like Arjuna in the
Hindu mythology,
Enoch learns the language
of these extraterrestrials.
Once he knows the language,
they give him a writing device
and they dictate him books,
many, many books, he said.
They dictated me
more than 100 books.
All books about science,
about astronomy,
about the calendar, et cetera.
Enoch is the first
one, by the way,
who gives the names of
these extraterrestrials.
They sound like this, look.
These are the names
of their leaders.
The name of the first is Jequin.
He's the one who seduced the
children of men, et cetera.
Enoch [INAUDIBLE] 36 languages.
So I even know the names of
these fellows who were here
thousands of years ago.
And this group of
human-like beings,
obviously, they wanted sex.
They wanted sex with beautiful
daughters on this planet Earth,
and this was forbidden.
The commander of
the spaceship said
you are not allowed to have
sexual contact with them.
So there was a mutiny on board.
They were against the
commander, and they went down
and had sex with humans.
Enoch describes it like this.
"But when the sons of heaven
saw that the daughters of men
were fair, they admired them
and desired to mate with them.
And they said to each other,
we will take them as wives.
All together, they were 200--"
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> Which descended--
>> "Which descended v upon the
mountain Hermon in the days
of Jared."
Jared is the father of Enoch.
Now you think, this
is, again, imagination.
Hey, some extraterrestrials
want to do sex with human.
I'm sorry, just
look at the Bible.
We have the same thing here.
In the Bible, the
first book of Moses,
"when the humans began to
multiply and have daughters,
the sons of the gods--"
in some translations,
you can read, the
fallen angels--
"saw that they were fair, and
they took them as their wives."
Not only Enoch, the same
thing in Hindu mythology.
There was sex between
the extraterrestrials
and the humans.
Why should they have the same
body, the same sexual apparatus
as we?
I come back to this at
the end of my speech.
So Enoch describes
what happened.
They dictate him
all kind of things.
One example I always hear from
the critics and the skeptics,
come on, Erich, Enoch, the Book
of Enoch, this is all a dream.
He had a dream, that's all now.
Enoch describes, my
leader said to me, human,
look out of the window.
Do you see this little
light out there?
You humans, you call it moon.
But the moon has
no light by itself.
The moon receives his
light from the sun.
And then he explains to him why
the moon sometimes disappear,
is full, is half, et cetera.
The teacher of Enoch
says to him, young human,
you see these glittering,
bright, shining light?
You humans, you call it the sun.
You see the other little
lights here in the sky,
on the night sky?
You call it stars.
Each star is a
sun, like your sun.
And he explains how
planetary systems function.
He explains that around
our sun, different planets
turn, including the
Earth in 365 days,
plus leap hours, not leap years,
leap hours, so very precise.
These are astronomical details.
This is scientific data.
You cannot dream that, a human
in Stone Age before the Great
Flood.
They also teach
him in astronomy,
they teach him in
calendar, they teach him
in engineering, and
all kind of things.
And he writes all this, I handed
down to my son, Methuselah,
with the order, you, my son,
Methuselah, keep all of this,
keep it for the
human generations
after the Great Flood.
They told him that the gigantic
Great Flood would come.
You remember the Great Flood?
Everybody remembers that.
In the Bible they said, well,
it was a punishment of God.
But I know 100
mythologies of the planet,
and in every mythology,
you have a Great Flood.
The Indians in the high land
of Columbia or the Indians
somewhere-- the
Eskimos in Alaska,
the [INAUDIBLE],, the Inuit, it
doesn't matter, far in Africa,
they all know the story
of the Great Flood.
And you remember, it was always
a so-called god who descended,
who warned the group of
the human, who warned them
in at once a gigantic
flood would come.
None of these gods
was an omnipotent god,
could not, like a
miracle, [INAUDIBLE]
[SNAPS]
Here, you have a ship.
Now they give them order,
you have to construct a ship.
To construct the ship means
falling trees, measurement,
building, to construct
a ship is technology,
to construct a ship,
this takes at least one
year, if not more than one year.
So all these
so-called gods, they
knew at least one year ahead
that the gigantic flood
was coming.
Not like just our weather
forecast, where in two weeks,
it will rain.
Forget it.
It was planned long before.
Otherwise, they could
not build a ship.
Technology, they
knew it exactly.
So they did it and
they survived it.
And then all our forefather's
prehistoric time,
everything was
destroyed by the flood.
They wanted to reprint to show
they're coming generations
how the gods looked like.
Very brief.
This is near Switzerland
in the border to Italia.
It's called [INAUDIBLE].
This here is in your country,
Arizona, of the Hopi territory.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
When you fly to Nazca in
Peru, this gigantic figure
here is 29 meters high.
One arm pointed to the sky, the
other pointed to the ground.
29 meters high.
Flying on the way to Nazca,
direct before the plain
of Nazca.
Even in archeology, they call
it the great [? martian ?] god.
All these so-called gods,
here, you cannot see nothing
because it's near
the city of Ica.
Ica is in Peru.
This finger points
directly to the sky.
It looks like this.
You cannot see it from the
ground, you have to fly.
Otherwise, you have
no change to see.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
The Sahara Desert, Africa.
It's far away from South
America, from Nazca, far away
from the Hopi Indians
in your country.
Look at this.
The original figure is 6
meters high, 6,000 years old.
This continues all
over the world.
This is in Australia.
The so-called gods were always
represented with helmets,
with halos, with rays
around their heads.
Now, this is again, Australia.
You all realize that
between Australia,
between North America,
Hopi territory,
between South America, Nazca,
Peru, between the Sahara Desert
are thousands and thousands of
kilometers, there are oceans.
In our prehistoric
time, our forefathers
had no contact together.
You could not just book a
flight over there to Las Vegas.
So why have they
represented their gods
all in the same manner,
with helmets and halos
around their heads worldwide?
And the people had no
contact between each other.
Later, they learned to
chisel, to make figures.
This is in Tulum, Tulum is
Mexico, not far from here,
directly on the Caribbean Sea.
The whole city-- the
Mayan city of Tulum
is dedicated to
the ascending gods.
You see spread legs here and
the head, and then his hands,
like somebody is
lying on a bobsledder.
And he always has wings.
They fly down from the sky.
They are represented like this.
The whole city of
Tulum is dedicated
to the descending gods in Maya.
Then worldwide, what we had
in cave paintings before,
later, when they learned to make
figures, to chisel, to paint,
they represented their gods.
This is in the Museum
of Guatemala City.
But the world is
full of these things.
This is in Japan.
Now, today's Guatemala had
nothing to do with Japan.
This is prehistoric Japan.
They call it
[INAUDIBLE] figures.
The prehistoric
Japanese people believed
that this was one of the gods.
But also, in prehistoric
times, the Japanese
knew nothing about glasses yet.
So what have they copied?
Why have they represented
the gods worldwide
in the same ways?
This one here, this
[? sense, ?] he has a helmet on,
he has a [INAUDIBLE]
on his lips,
his hands are bending
down, his feet upward.
This you'll find in La Venta.
La Venta is near the city
of Villahermosa in Mexico.
He descends to the humans.
In your country, the
Hopi Indians in Arizona--
just go to the Hopi Indians and
go to the souvenir shop there.
You'll find some
of these pictures
and some of these figures.
They are called kachina figures.
Then you ask the
Hopi literature,
the book of the Hopi, which
is scientific literature, what
is the kachinas?
What did they mean
with kachinas?
The kachinas were the
spiritual teachers from heaven
who descended to the
forefathers of the Hopi.
They teach them in astronomy
in different belongings.
And the Hopi, to day, still--
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> The Hopi, still today,
make these figures,
the kachina figures.
You can buy them
in souvenir shops.
Kachina pictures
simply do not forget
that these gods were
there, our teacher
some thousands of years
ago, and they promised
to return in the future.
So we should not forget
the visit of the gods
a long time ago because
they will return,
so that we are not afraid.
Now, this is today's North
America here in your country.
Now, take 12,000 kilometers
away from here down
to South America.
The same thing with an Indian
tribe called the Kayapo.
The Kayapo live on the
upper Amazon River.
Every year they
have a festivity.
On this festivity, their shaman
dresses in a straw garment,
completely covered.
He has no openings for
eyes, mouth, nose, nothing.
And they dance around
this straw man.
You will just see him.
And they sing the story.
Long, long time ago, for their
forefathers, all of a sudden
there was a noise in the sky.
And a being descended,
a big being.
They were all afraid.
Finally, they realized
he did not harm them.
They came down out
of the village.
Now you see the man coming
here in this corner.
Within four days,
the stranger learned
the language of the
native, and he told
them his name was [INAUDIBLE].
[INAUDIBLE] means I
come from the firmament.
He taught them
several belongings,
as the other cases in
astronomy, in agriculture.
He taught them in
some forms of weapon,
how it was easier to
make casings, et cetera.
And before he left, he
promised in the far future
he will return again.
And in order not to
forget his visit,
they represent every year
this heavenly teacher
in the form of a straw garment,
straw man with no opening
for mouth or ears, et cetera.
He was a teacher from the sky.
Now, if we have such a
thing only in North America,
the Hopis now, its worldwide.
So what do we need more
about all these things?
They were here and we have
their reports practically
in every culture.
I don't understand why this is
so complicated to understand,
why our scientific community,
especially our archaeologists
and technologists,
they are so blind.
They cannot see it or
they don't know it.
I love discussions
with skeptics.
It's wonderful because they
lose anyhow, it doesn't matter.
But I love the discussions.
And when we respect each
other, when we are not
lying and bluffing and
discussing honestly,
after two hours, they
always confess to me, Erich,
we didn't know that.
We never hear about
these books, we never
hear the word of Enoch
or Ezekiel or anything.
We don't know it.
Soon as we know it, it all fits
together, the cave paintings,
the figures, the old writings,
and all these things here.
Now I have to change
the theme very briefly,
because something I
have to explain here,
which nerves me every year.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> Huh?
Ah, Chariots of the Gods.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
Talking Chariots of the Gods.
[COUGHING]
Sorry.
It doesn't come from smoke.
I don't smoke, at
least not much.
So in Chariots of
the Gods, the cover
show the picture of Palenque.
Palenque is a Maya city
in Central America.
And in Palenque, there
are different pyramids
they call temples.
And one of these
step pyramids is
called the Temple
of Inscription,
because up there, they
found 812 inscriptions.
And in 1952, professional
Dr. [? Ruth ?] [INAUDIBLE]
found this covered
up here a groove
in the ground, a
groove in the bottom.
And they chiseled it out,
and inside the pyramid,
there was a staircase.
But in 1951, the staircase was
completely filled with stone.
It took three years before all
these stones were taken out
of the staircase.
Three years later, they landed
under the pyramid, seven meters
under the pyramid.
They were standing before a big
door in the form of a triangle.
This is the first time
we had such a door
in the form of a triangle.
The door was opened, roughly.
They destroyed it partly.
The grid was made
only for the visitors.
And then they stood in a room.
The room was 7 meters high.
And from the ceiling
to down, the room
was full with stalactites
and stalagmites,
you know these
[INAUDIBLE],, who grow.
That means the room is very,
very, very old, thousands
and thousands of years older
than the pyramid itself.
Later, the pyramid was
constructed over the room.
The room existed a
long time before.
And there was this bottom
plate 3 meters long,
2 meter, [? 20 large, ?]
one block.
And under the plate,
an incredible drawing.
You will just see it
something like a frame.
In the center of
the frame is someone
sitting, bending forward, almost
like a motor racing cyclist.
He has an oxygen
mask on his nose.
He uses up a hand, you
will just see it here,
his upper hands to
manipulate control.
You see the lower hands,
you see the forefingers.
He's winding up something.
He's sitting on a chair.
And outside of the frame--
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
Outside of the frame, you
see a linking [INAUDIBLE]..
Now, this was found in 1952.
Of course, archeology had
immediately their explanation--
archaeological explanation.
They said, it represents Pakal.
Pakal was the second to last
ruler of the city of Palenque.
And Pakal is sitting
in the open mouth
of a mythological monster.
You see what [INAUDIBLE].
But you see here,
these two things here.
[INAUDIBLE] the piece, the
upper teeth and the lower teeth.
That's the open mouth
of a mythical monster.
Pakal is falling
into the monster.
Out of his body comes the tree
of life, the cross of life,
et cetera, et cetera.
All archaeological nonsense.
[LAUGHTER]
In the meantime, more
than 50 years have passed,
and they have learned
much more than before.
There is writing all around.
And in the meantime,
professor Dr.
[? Stewart ?] and
[? Stewart-- ?] it's the father
and the son, [? Stewart, ?]
both brilliant American
archaeologists,
Mayan specialists.
They now are able to
translate the writing around,
and they said, yes--
that's the most
modern explanation
now after 50 years--
yes, it represents Pakal,
but it had nothing to
do with the open mouth
of a mythological monster,
nothing with the tree of life,
nothing with the stylized hairs
of the beard of the weather
god, and all that's
rubbish which we are told.
The whole plate,
the stone plate has
to do completely with the
cosmos and with the universe.
Pakal is leaving planet Earth.
I am always accused
by the skeptics.
I am not allowed to look at
these pictures crosswise.
I should look at it lengthwise.
Lengthwise, it looks like this.
Now you know I am
a man with fantasy.
And they tell me, that's
the only correct way
to look at the plate.
Say, OK, my fantasy jumps to
another continent far away
from Central America.
Let's go to Indonesia.
In Indonesia is a big
temple called the Borobudur.
The Borobudur is composited
of hundreds of hundreds
of these stupas.
These figures are called stupa.
For us, they look like a bell.
Stupas.
Now, in Buddhism, the stupa
has different meanings.
One of the meanings is
the stupa is the smaller
vehicle with which you can reach
the big vehicle of the god.
You remember, Arjuna
was taken in a vimana
up to the mother spaceship.
Ezekiel was taken in a smaller
vehicle up to the mountain,
mother spaceship, et cetera.
So you always have
a smaller vehicle.
So with this, they
believe the stupa
is the smaller vehicle
in which you can reach
the big vehicle of the gods.
Now, every stupa is not empty.
In every stupa
somebody is sitting.
In that case, the young Buddha,
because it's a Buddhist temple.
What is he doing here?
He's sitting there
with his two arms
here making some
movements, sitting
because he believes he's
in the small vehicle
to reach the big
vehicle of the gods.
Now look at this.
Just look at the [INAUDIBLE].
Here, we have Palenque.
It becomes a stupa.
And it is obvious.
[APPLAUSE]
It's all a question with
what eyes we look at it.
But finally, worldwide,
it's a similar tradition
in different forms,
different worlds.
And this continues.
What I said before, what
nerves me, what makes me crazy
every year is Nazca.
You all remember Nazca.
What do I have against
the scientists in Nazca?
Nazca is this gigantic desert,
roughly 500 kilometers south
of Lima in Peru.
When you fly over
Nazca, first, you
see nothing, simply a desert
with brown and yellow stones
and sand.
And then all of a sudden,
you see some figures,
figures of fishes,
monkeys, spiders,
and all kind of things.
But they're such
over-dimensional size that you
can see them only from the air.
Then you fly a little higher,
than you see something
which looks like airstrips.
Starts abruptly, ends abruptly.
The longest of these lines
is 3.8 kilometers long,
the longest.
Then you see smaller lines.
There are these airstrip
lines, [INAUDIBLE] lines,
and smaller ones.
The longest of the small
lines is 23 kilometers long.
Straight ahead-- huh?
>> What is that in miles?
>> 23 kilometers.
>> It's around 18.
>> About 18 kilometers.
>> 18 miles.
>> Ah, miles.
18 miles, roughly.
So what nerves me here,
practically every year
on all television, you see
so-called documentaries.
And when the normal
people see a documentary,
they believe this is science,
this is real science.
They teach us what is seen.
But in reality, they
don't show us the reality.
I show 20 pictures about
Nazca which you have never
seen, neither in the
scientific textbook,
neither in the documentaries.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
This is Nazca-- original Nazca.
Nazca.
But what they show you on
TV are just the figures--
the fishes, the monkeys,
the spiders, and so on.
And they explain to you,
it's very, very easy
to make these figures.
And really, it is easy, it's
not the complicated thing.
You just had to scratch away
the surface, the stones.
And normally, a bright
shining surface appears.
And with this method,
you can make figures.
But that's not the
mystery of Nazca.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
The mystery of Nazca
are these lines.
And they never show these
lines on television.
I said, the longest of it
is 3.8 kilometers long.
Look at this picture.
Put it in your brain.
See it in your brain.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
You never see it on
television, neither
in scientific textbooks.
They suggest to you the mystery
of Nazca are these figures.
The figures are not
the mystery of Nazca.
This is the mystery of Nazca.
Then you see whole mountain.
The mountain top is cut off--
completely cut off artificially.
You see under the lines
there are zig-zags.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
You see zig-zag imagery.
If this would be the result of
scratching away the surface,
the stone of the
surface, then you
would have scratched away the
zig-zag line behind it also.
It's all not true, what they
teach us in the documentaries.
That's what nerves me.
And because it nerves
me, all these things,
we have decided to clarify
all this scientifically.
Until today, only archaeologists
have been working there.
I adore archeology.
That's wonderful.
The archaeologists I know
are brilliant people.
It's not a question of
conspiracy, et cetera.
But archaeologists are
asking different questions.
They are asking, how old is it?
How old is this spoon?
How old is this fire, et cetera?
What is it that's called
a temple, et cetera?
I have complete
different questions.
I want to know, what is
the chemical composition
of these lines?
Is it different than the
next composition of the sand?
I want to know, what is the
resistance in electricity?
Are there some
magnetical anomalies?
I want to find out on the
scientific way what's wrong--
compare these lines,
compare it with the desert
just next to the lines.
And therefore, the Erich
Von Daniken Foundation--
I had the idea to make a
scientific expedition there.
We found six universities who
work together with the Erich
Von Daniken Foundation.
One university is the University
[? Catolica ?] in Lima, Peru,
because you need the local
university [INAUDIBLE]..
Without that, you would
never get the permission.
Then we have two
German universities,
a Swiss university, et cetera.
For a scientific
analysis of this,
we need roughly 240,000 euros--
comparable 240,000 euros.
But all these universities
are working together.
What is left, what we don't have
is about $60,000 we're left.
That's why we decided to look
to find this missing $60,000
by crowd funding.
Look at this up there,
the red writing.
Take your note.
When you are home,
please go in there.
Look what I say in there, what
the idea is, what universities
are working with it, the
names of the figures,
what the plan is.
And maybe you have
the idea, OK, I
spend $20 or whatever
for the crowd funding.
Because we want to realize this.
We will start this in fall, that
this international scientific
team goes to Nazca
and makes finally
scientific analysis, not
only archaeological analysis.
In the textbooks-- in
the scientific textbook
about Nazca, I
have learned so far
what is it, all these lines.
It's a code for
the weather gods.
It's an astronomical calendar.
It's a code for agriculture.
It's a pre-Inca sport place,
some sort of pre-Inca olympia.
It's copies of a Fata Morgana.
It's a start place
of hot air balloon.
These are acre plots, boundary
makers, procession street,
maps.
It's all rubbish.
Because if all of you have
this explanation in archeology,
where are--
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
--the footprints?
Where are the footprints of
the people going to the lines?
The lines start
abruptly, end abruptly,
as if somebody from
the air has come
and not somebody
walked through it.
And we want to
find out all this.
Some 2 and 1/2 thousand years
from now, the Greek historian,
Herodotus-- you learned
Herodotus in school.
Man called him the
father of history.
He was in Egypt, 450 BC, 2 and
1/2 thousand years from now.
He was there for many years.
And he also was in Thebes.
Thebes is today's
Luxor on the Nile.
And in his second
book of history,
Herodotus writes,
the high priest
showed him 241 statues, one
statue next to the other.
And the high priest gave to
every statue an explanation.
He explained what his name was
and he was leaving from then
to them, et cetera.
And at the end,
after 241 statues,
the high priest
said to Herodotus,
these 241 statues
represent 11,340 years.
At their time, the
gods from the firmament
were among the humans.
11,340 years.
Now, Herodotus
made this statement
2 and 1/2 thousand
years from now,
which means I have to add 2
and 1/2 thousand to the 11,340,
roughly 14,000
years ago, according
to the father of
history, Herodotus,
the extraterrestrials were here.
Of course, in archeology, they
never took Herodotus by word.
According to archeology,
the history of old Egypt
starts roughly 3000
BC, but not 14,000 BC.
They said, what is he talking?
Why is he telling rubbish?
The same Herodotus,
just a few lines later,
in his second book of
history, you can control it,
Chapter 141, 142, he says
that under the Great Pyramid
there is a lake, and
the lake is clear water.
And the clear water--
there is a sea.
In archeology, they never
took this for serious.
Now we slowly go
into the pyramid.
I show you the lake, the
sea, and the detail of it.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
This should be the entry--
should be the entry.
But the entry was
never found until 823.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
This is called the upcoming
shaft, 23-meter long.
You can climb up there,
but only one meter high.
You have go down on your knees.
After 23 meters, you come to
the so-called great gallery.
There's the great gallery.
This is 47 meters long.
Imagine that.
8 and 1/2 meter height.
And here starts
the first question.
Why have the builders, the
constructors of the pyramid,
first constructed this small
shaft so small that you cannot
even transport a
sarcophagus in there?
And then after 23 meters,
this gigantic thing,
we don't understand it.
Then you came to two chambers.
One chamber is called
the King's Chamber,
the other chamber is
called the Queen's Chamber.
It looks like this.
Now we go into the
Queen's Chamber.
That's this one
here in the middle.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
In the Queen's Chamber,
there is a hole in the wall.
This hole exists on the south
side and on the north side.
And it's very important
to know, this hole
exists only since about
180 years before the wall
was closed.
Then a British
explorer came there
and he was looking
for [? trestles. ?]
He had a little hammer.
He was hammering all the time on
the wall and they sound hollow.
And then they opened the wall.
So in the beginning,
this was not there.
Now, inside the hole
there's a shaft.
You point in with
your beam, you see
there's a shaft going
about 2 meters horizontal,
and then starts
claiming in there now.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
A friend of mine,
[? Rudolf ?] [INAUDIBLE],,
constructed the robot.
That's now over 20 years ago.
This robot is a
steel construction,
and we entered the shaft going
out from the Queen's Chamber.
First, the 2 meters
horizontal, and then the robot
climbs up inside the shaft.
In whole archeology,
the specialists told us,
the shaft is only
about 8 meters long.
After 8 meters, it
comes to a blind end.
But the robot continues,
as you will just see.
First, 2 meter horizontal, then
starts the climbing inside.
So the archaeologists
believed after 8 meter,
it came to a standstill.
But that was not correct.
The robot continued.
Inside, he passed the 8 meter
mark, continued climbing
inside the pyramid--
10 meter, 12 meter,
15 meter, 20 meter.
Archaeologists could
not aspire anymore.
They couldn't
understand what's going
on here in the Great Pyramid.
He climbed up.
Always the wall changed--
it was [INAUDIBLE],,
it was sandstone,
it was basalt, all kind
of different stone.
You saw openings who
looked like doors.
Now, you have to
understand, this shaft
is only 14 centimeter
by one side.
You cannot send a man in
there to climb in there.
Only with a robot it's possible.
After 62 meters, the
robot came to a standstill
before a little door.
The little door had
something like two bracelets.
You will just see it.
There was scratchings
on the wall.
So thousands of years
ago in the past, somebody
must have pressed
something inside here,
which left traces behind.
The stones here of this
wall are alabaster.
Alabaster looks like
[? marrow. ?] Very,
very polished, very precise.
So these pictures were
taken roughly 25 years ago
by this small robot
you saw before.
There was a stone
blocking the continuation,
but the robot made it.
He overtook this blocking,
continued his trip inside.
This was meter 32.
He continued-- 40 meters, 50
meters, 60 meters At 62 meter,
the robot came to a standstill
before a small door.
And the small door
had something like two
little metallic bracelets.
You will just see them.
The wall here is alabaster.
You see how polished
and [INAUDIBLE]..
Don't forget, you are 62
meters inside the pyramid,
starting from the
Queen's Chamber.
>> How much [INAUDIBLE].
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> 200 feet.
>> Thank you.
>> 3 feet [INAUDIBLE].
>> 39 inches [INAUDIBLE].
>> The metallic bracelets.
Now watch the next picture.
The robot had a laser,
and the laser beam
will touch this door, and
the laser beam will go under.
You see the direct point here
down from the laser beam.
And the laser beam
will be crossed
under the door, which
means there must
be something behind this door.
This cannot be the
end of the shaft.
Again, all this
was 25 years ago.
What happened since that?
At that time, 25
years ago, publish
was more or less informed.
There was a robot in there,
but you hear nothing.
What happened since then?
You hear nothing in the public.
After this demonstration
here, the American National
Geographic Society
came down to Egypt
and they constructed
the new robot.
And the new robot,
he had a drilling--
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
And with the drilling, they
made a hole into this door.
You see here.
And they pushed
the light inside.
And all what they could see,
there was nothing behind it,
except the next wall.
It was empty, then
you see the next wall.
That was the situation
roughly 18 years ago.
What happened since then?
A rich man from
Singapore, he wanted
to know what's behind it.
And he gave the order to
construct another robot, robot
number three.
The first robot was from
[INAUDIBLE],, the German.
The second from your
National Geographic Society.
Now the third robot
constructed by this rich Hindu
man from Singapore.
And he called it the Jedi Robot.
[LAUGHTER]
Funny.
They made a hole again
through this wall, you see.
There's the first wall with
these two metallic bracelets.
Then comes the next wall,
and now he makes a hole
into the next wall.
A small hole, just big
enough for an endoscope.
They put an endoscope
through it, some light.
What's behind it?
The next room.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
When you put an endoscope,
you cannot make gigantic,
big pictures.
You make hundreds of small
pictures, and in the computer
you put these small pictures
together to a big picture,
and that was behind
it, the next room.
So it continues.
First room, second room,
third room, all behind it.
You cannot-- we know exactly
the geographical location.
We know exactly where it is.
So the skeptics will ask,
why don't we go in there
and open it?
Because you cannot.
The shaft is 62 meters
high, but the shaft
has only a wide
of 14 centimeters.
You cannot climb in there.
You need high tech to do so.
High tech is very expensive.
And you need the permission from
the Department of Archeology
and Antiquity in Egypt,
and they'll never
give you the permission.
So this continues.
We know under the Great
Pyramid is another room.
It's called the unfinished room.
The tourists normally--
I guess you have all
been in the pyramid,
You go in the pyramid,
you can climb up
the great galley,
but you can never climb down.
In the rock under the
pyramid, yet again, a shaft.
This time, the
shaft is big enough
you can climb down there.
It's a little more
than 1 meter--
not this one, just the next one.
The shaft goes down into
the rock under the pyramid.
This shaft is 119 meters long.
Imagine, 190 meters going
diagonally down there.
And then you come to a room
in the rock under the pyramid.
190 meters diagonal.
If you look directly,
you are 38 meters
in the rock under the pyramid.
There is a room, it's
called the unfinished room.
It makes absolutely no sense.
823 BC, now after Christ, the
pyramid was for the first time
opened by Al-Ma'mun.
He was the ruler of
Egypt at that time.
He also found this room.
He was down there.
And he writes in his
biography that down there, he
found three other rooms.
In one room, he found
sarcophagus with strange beings
which had elongated
head, strange weapons
which he could not understand,
and strange objects
in their hand.
And he was afraid--
he was afraid about
the power of the god.
He gave order to
change everything
down here that no one after him
could rediscover these rooms.
I was down there many times.
I always had a hammer with me.
You knocked at the wall and
sometimes it sounds hollow.
But you can do nothing,
you cannot continue.
Something has changed the
whole-- somebody has changed
the whole situation down there.
And now came a society
with Herodotus, who says,
there is a lake
under the pyramid,
a lake with clear water.
And the clear water
covers the sarcophagus.
I said, archeology never took
Herodotus's word serious.
He's dreaming.
He speaks about 11,340 years,
he speaks about the lake
under the pyramid.
There can be no lake.
There is a lake.
We were down-- [? Ramone ?]
here, my wonderful young man
and I were down there.
The entry site of
the Great Pyramid.
You come first to
this small room.
You go down a staircase.
From this point, there is a
shaft directly in the rock.
Anyhow, this shaft
is so large that it
has room for two levels.
You see two levels here.
Then you come to a room which
is in the rock of the pyramids.
That room.
Here, seven niches are
cut out of the rock,
but only in two niches
are some sarcophaguses.
This one is black basalt,
the next one is granite,
the other ones are empty.
Chiseled completely, perfectly
chiseled out of the rock.
From this point,
you go deeper again.
Now you just show a shaft
which had room for two levels.
The continuation in this
one is not the same shaft.
You will see, there's
only room for one level.
Now you are under the pyramid--
deep under the pyramid.
And then there's, in the
right angle, a crossing.
You have to go
down on your knees.
A few steps and you
are under the pyramid,
and there is a lake,
exactly as Herodotus told us
with perfectly clear water.
And inside the lake
is a sarcophagus,
exactly as Herodotus has written
2 and 1/2 thousand years ago.
In the beginning,
you see nothing.
You need your eyes.
We could not use
flashlights here.
As soon as we would
use flashlight,
we simply have a
reflection like a mirror,
and we have no pictures.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
Now you see the sarcophagus
here in the water, covered up
by clear water.
They told me the sarcophagus
was empty when they found it.
I don't know if this is true,
but that's what they told me.
And there's the water.
Now, the Department
of Antiquity in Egypt,
they wanted, of course,
to know where does
this sarcophagus come from.
Because the shafts are
smaller than the sarcophagus,
they could not
transport it down there.
You remember the one
shaft just with one level.
This is bigger.
So there must be other entries.
So they were pushing
out the water.
And here you see
the same sarcophagus
without the water this time.
[INAUDIBLE],,
[? incredibly. ?] That's
the newest knowledge
in the Great Pyramid.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
OK.
Yes.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> OK.
>> The skeptics who, of course,
are reasonable persons--
I told you, I love skeptics.
We live in a society, the
scientific community always
want to be reasonable and they
are afraid to be ridiculed.
That's why they
never touch something
like UFOs or extraterrestrials.
No, no, [INAUDIBLE].
In reality, they
don't know much.
I am accused, and all of
my thinkers are accused--
we say that
extraterrestrials were there
and we say that these
extraterrestrials visited us
from far away.
This is absolutely impossible.
Every child knows the
distance in the universe
are measured by--
>> Light years.
So you cannot cross
these light years.
The next star is roughly
four light years away,
and it could be 10 or
20 light years away.
So we have no possibility
to see each other.
Even if extraterrestrials do
exist, we never came together.
That's what the skeptics say.
But it's all not correct, again.
Imagine your American
space shuttle--
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
[INAUDIBLE] space shuttle.
With every shot up
there, you can transport
a heavy load of 30 tons.
Now, it's just a
question of money,
how much money to invest.
If you have three space
shuttles-- for the moment,
you have none.
You work together
with the Russians.
If you have three
or if you have 30--
if you have 30 space
shuttles, then you
would start every week, not
every few months, every week.
And every week, you would
transport 30 tons of heavy load
into the orbit between
Earth and the moon.
These heavy loads are
prefabricated blocks.
You cut them altogether
to a gigantic spaceship.
The spaceship has
the form of a ring.
This is a must, because when
you have the form of a ring,
you turn the space ship.
And by turning
around its own axis,
you create an artificial gravity
inside by centrifugal force.
So you always have
ground under your feet,
you are not weightless.
And then you have to put
a propellant in there,
and slowly, this
spaceship starts to move--
slowly.
If it only would reach 2%
of the speed of light--
I am not speaking
of over the speed
of light, all this scientific--
just 2% of the
speed of light, you
would reach a distance
of 10 light years
within 500 human years.
Now, they say, come
on, 500 human years--
no one of us will
become 500 human years.
It's not necessary.
This is a generation spaceship.
On board, you make love, you
make children, grandchildren,
and on.
So after 500 years,
you have reached
the distance of 10 light years.
So it's absolutely
possible to move
in the stars--
between the stars,
between one star and the other,
even with primitive technology.
Not with light speed or
nearly coming to light speed.
Of course, it is possible.
The critics, the skeptics
never mention this possibility,
generation spaceship.
Then the next
accusation is always,
even if extraterrestrials
do exist
and even if they could reach us,
they would never look like we--
they would never
look like humans.
They would maybe look like
elephants or flying tentacles
over there, but never like us.
This is wrong again, and this
is a theory, which I'll shortly
expand, panspermia.
Panspermia was
brought into the world
by the Swedish Nobel Prize
winner, Mr. Arrhenius.
That was 90 years ago.
The following idea
is panspermia.
You go out with a
spaceship, as I explained.
You create a new society.
And now the first
society has an interest
to spread out themself, as
we have plans at the moment.
We want to go to Mars.
And from Mars, we go to the
next solar system, and so on.
Spread out yourself.
Spread out yourself
means, humans
are spreading out themselves.
You can do it also by spermia.
This is why panspermia--
you infect a section
of your Milky Way
with your own informations
of life, and it will work
and you'll create
on planets which
are similar to the planet
Earth a new evolution of form
of life.
This is panspermia.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
It works.
So it's quite possible that
extraterrestrials look like us
or look similar to us.
All the arguments,
this is not possible,
they are not looking like us.
Forget it.
It is possible to
reach the distance
and it is possible
that they look like us.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
So unfortunately, my time
is over and I have to stop.
I want to remember you.
Take your time and look
at this crowd funding
because that's something
which I have in my soul.
I want to have scientific
results concerning Nazca.
I want to shock the world
again with scientific, clear
[INAUDIBLE] and say, I'm
sorry, what are you telling us?
Here, we have the scientific
results brought together
by five different universities.
We can do it and we
will bring it to public.
Ladies and gentlemen, you
were listening to me--
[APPLAUSE]
Thank you.